okay here's a question for parents and
kids what does the Golden Gate Bridge a
smartphone a jet aircraft a catapult and
the skyscraper all have in common give
up they were all designed by engineers
mathematicians and scientists engineers
have been designing and building bridges
for thousands of years to help people
travel quicker and more efficiently and
you know what those civil engineers had
fun figuring out how to construct those
massive marbles at engineering for kids
children ages 4 to 14 learn science
technology engineering and math in fun
and challenging ways through classes
camps clubs and parties during our
programs kids build problem-solving
skills and discover how things work
while learning how to apply concepts to
real-world engineering problems like
building bridges or skyscrapers
engineering provides fantastic career
options and engineering for kids can
help unlock your child's potential find
out more at engineering for kids calm
today